# Astro Documentation Sitemap (English)

Generated from: https://docs.astro.build/sitemap-0.xml
*Excluding: CMS category, deployment guides (except Cloudflare)*
*Updated to include Reference section*

## Astro Courses
https://docs.astro.build/en/astro-courses/

## Basics - Astro Components
https://docs.astro.build/en/basics/astro-components/

## Basics - Astro Pages
https://docs.astro.build/en/basics/astro-pages/

## Basics - Layouts
https://docs.astro.build/en/basics/layouts/

## Basics - Project Structure
https://docs.astro.build/en/basics/project-structure/

## Concepts - Islands
https://docs.astro.build/en/concepts/islands/

## Concepts - Why Astro
https://docs.astro.build/en/concepts/why-astro/

## Contribute
https://docs.astro.build/en/contribute/

## Develop and Build
https://docs.astro.build/en/develop-and-build/

## Editor Setup
https://docs.astro.build/en/editor-setup/

## Getting Started
https://docs.astro.build/en/getting-started/

## Guides - Actions
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/actions/

## Guides - Astro Db
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/astro-db/

## Guides - Authentication
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/authentication/

## Guides - Backend
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/

## Guides - Backend - Appwriteio
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/appwriteio/

## Guides - Backend - Google Firebase
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/google-firebase/

## Guides - Backend - Neon
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/neon/

## Guides - Backend - Prisma Postgres
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/prisma-postgres/

## Guides - Backend - Sentry
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/sentry/

## Guides - Backend - Supabase
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/supabase/

## Guides - Backend - Turso
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/turso/

## Guides - Backend - Xata
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/backend/xata/

## Guides - Build With Ai
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/build-with-ai/

## Guides - Client Side Scripts
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/client-side-scripts/

## Guides - Deploy - Cloudflare
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/cloudflare/

## Guides - Dev Toolbar
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/dev-toolbar/

## Guides - Ecommerce
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/ecommerce/

## Guides - Endpoints
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/endpoints/

## Guides - Environment Variables
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/environment-variables/

## Guides - Fonts
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/fonts/

## Guides - Framework Components
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/framework-components/

## Guides - Images
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/images/

## Guides - Imports
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/imports/

## Guides - Integrations Guide
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Alpinejs
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/alpinejs/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Cloudflare
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Db
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/db/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Deno
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/deno/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Lit
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/lit/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Markdoc
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/markdoc/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Mdx
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Netlify
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/netlify/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Node
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Partytown
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/partytown/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Preact
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/preact/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Prefetch
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/prefetch/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - React
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/react/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Sitemap
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/sitemap/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Solid Js
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/solid-js/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Svelte
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/svelte/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Tailwind
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/tailwind/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Vercel
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/vercel/

## Guides - Integrations Guide - Vue
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/vue/

## Guides - Internationalization
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/internationalization/

## Guides - Markdown Content
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/

## Guides - Media
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/media/

## Guides - Media - Cloudinary
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/media/cloudinary/

## Guides - Middleware
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/middleware/

## Guides - Migrate To Astro
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/

## Guides - Migrate To Astro - From Create React App
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-create-react-app/

## Guides - Migrate To Astro - From Docusaurus
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-docusaurus/

## Guides - Migrate To Astro - From Eleventy
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-eleventy/

## Guides - Migrate To Astro - From Gatsby
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-gatsby/

## Guides - Configuring Astro
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/configuring-astro/

## Guides - Content Collections
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/content-collections/

## Guides - Data Fetching
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/data-fetching/

## Guides - On-Demand Rendering
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/

## Guides - Prefetch
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/prefetch/

## Guides - Routing
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/routing/

## Guides - Server Islands
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-islands/

## Guides - Sessions
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/sessions/

## Guides - Styling
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/styling/

## Guides - Syntax Highlighting
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/syntax-highlighting/

## Guides - Testing
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/testing/

## Guides - Troubleshooting
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/troubleshooting/

## Guides - TypeScript
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/typescript/

## Guides - View Transitions
https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/view-transitions/

## Recipes
https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/

## Recipes - Build Forms
https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/build-forms/

## Recipes - Build Forms API
https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/build-forms-api/

## Recipes - Docker
https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/docker/

## Recipes - Bun
https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/bun/

## Recipes - Tailwind Rendered Markdown
https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/tailwind-rendered-markdown/

## Reference - Configuration Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/configuration-reference/

## Reference - API Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/api-reference/

## Reference - CLI Commands
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/cli-reference/

## Reference - Directives Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/

## Reference - Error Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/errors/

## Reference - Integrations Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/integrations-reference/

## Reference - Adapter Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/adapter-reference/

## Reference - Image Service API
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/image-service-reference/

## Reference - Dev Toolbar App API
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/dev-toolbar-app-reference/

## Reference - Container API
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/container-reference/

## Reference - Content Layer API
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/content-layer-reference/

## Reference - Content Collection APIs
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/content-collection-apis/

## Reference - Content Loader Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/content-loader-reference/

## Reference - Astro Syntax
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/astro-syntax/

## Reference - Modules - astro:actions
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-actions/

## Reference - Modules - astro:assets
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-assets/

## Reference - Modules - astro:content
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-content/

## Reference - Modules - astro:i18n
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-i18n/

## Reference - Modules - astro:middleware
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-middleware/

## Reference - Modules - astro:transitions
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-transitions/

## Reference - Modules - astro:config
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-config/

## Reference - Modules - astro:env
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/modules/astro-env/

## Reference - Experimental Flags
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/experimental-flags/

## Reference - Legacy Flags
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/legacy-flags/

## Reference - Programmatic Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/programmatic-reference/

## Reference - TypeScript Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/typescript-reference/

## Reference - Template Directives
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/astro-template-directives/

## Reference - Routing Reference
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/routing-reference/

## Reference - Publish to NPM
https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/publish-to-npm/
